dr perkins clinic
how can i help you i'm not feeling well
i would like to see dr perkins what is
the problem
do you have a headache yes i do
do you have a fever yes i do
do you have a sore throat no
i don't can you come to see the doctor
at 3 pm today 3 o'clock
yes that's fine
what's wrong oh i fell off my bicycle
are you okay
i'm not sure my fingers
and hands hurt does your thumb hurt
ow yes what about your elbow does it
hurt
no my elbow and arms
are okay does your back or your
shoulders hurt
no but
my chest aches
how is your family not very well
really what's wrong my husband has a
stomach ache
are your children okay how is your
daughter
she has a toothache and what about your
son
he has a headache
[Music]
what's wrong with you i have a headache
do you have an aspirin no i do not have
any aspirin
but i have some of these pills
no those are for sore stomachs
let me see if susan has any medicine
does she have any no she doesn't have
any
now i also have a sore back we do not
have any medicine for that either
i think you have the flu maybe you
should go to see the doctor
what's the matter i don't think we can
go to work today
we're not feeling well oh do you have a
stomachache or a bag cake
no i don't have any eggs do you have a
sore throat
or a sore neck no
so why don't you want to go to work i
have a fever
and i also have a toothache and mary
has a headache
how was school today crazy most of my
students were sick
why i don't know bobby
has a stomachache and peter has a
backache
what about the others donna has a sore
throat
and a sore neck melissa has a toothache
you don't look too good are you okay i
have a headache
doctor i don't feel well oh
what's the matter my ear hurts
let me take a look
right you have an ear infection
um good morning how are you today
not too well doctor my whole face hurts
my eyes hurt my ears and nose
also ache does your mouth hurt too
no hmm is your chin or are your lips
sore
no but my tongue hurts too
what happened to you i fell in the mud
i have mud all over my toes feet
and legs it looks like your hips have
mud on them too
take off your shoes
oh you have mud on your ankles too
my brother and sister fell in tooth they
both have mud
all over their bodies also
guess what i'm drawing
i don't know i can't see it it's
a monster a monster
how many arms does he have he has three
arms
and he has three hands
how many fingers does he have he has 18
fingers
how many legs does he have he doesn't
have any legs
can i see him sure here
good morning good morning how are you
i'm fine
thanks how are you i'm doing quite well
my name is patrick what is your name
nice to meet you patrick
my name is susan it's nice to meet you
susan
i haven't seen you before do you live
nearby
yes i just moved here last week my name
is ron mower
glad to meet you ron i'm stephanie
pullman
do you live nearby stephanie yes my
house is there in the corner
where are you from ron i'm from texas
is anyone sitting here oh no go ahead
thanks by the way
my name's ron nice to meet you ron
i'm linda do you come here often
i don't remember seeing you before not
really i come about once a month or so
i don't believe we've met before i'm ron
hi ron i am paul manning
how do you like it here it's quite nice
the rooms in the hotel are really big
yes they are
who's that man over there oh
that is neil manning he is my father
come on let me introduce you
hi my name is jeff what's your name my
name is lily nice to meet you jeff
are those people your family oh no
they are my friends we go to school
together
excuse me have we met before you look
familiar
no i don't think so what's your name
oh sorry i'm patrick what is your name
it is nice to meet you patrick i'm jane
it's nice to meet you too jane where are
you from patrick
i'm from new york
i don't believe we've met i am patrick
billings
hi patrick i am mark macarthur are you
around here patrick no i am from new
york
actually what about you where are you
from
i am from new york too oh really
what part i live in queens
i live in manhattan
you are jimmy right no sorry i'm not
i'm mark macarthur glad to meet you mark
i am susan hamilton have you been here
long mark
no in fact i just arrived i really
haven't met anybody yet
oh let me point out a few people for you
you see that man with the brown hair
yes he is mr stewart and that woman
is susan parker who are they
they are the chairman
it's a lovely morning isn't it
yes it sure is by the way i am mark
how do you do mark i am jane it's nice
to meet you jane
do you work around here yes i work in
the building next door
and do you work here yes i work on the
12th floor
in the accounting department
wonderful weather we're having aren't we
yes
it has been really nice the last few
days do you come here often
yes i work near here you are lucky the
scenery is very beautiful
is this your first time in london yes i
am here on holiday
i live and work in canada well i have to
be going now
bye goodbye
i would like to introduce you amanda
nice to meet you amanda this is dan
hello dan i have never seen you around
here amanda
you come here often no in fact i have
just moved here from taiwan
eric
let me introduce you to dan nice to meet
you dan
hello eric donna tells me that you are
italian that's right i was born in italy
but now i live in the u.s are you from
the u.s
yes but my wife is not she is from
hungary
dan do you know bill no bill is our new
marketing manager
hello dan it's nice to meet you do you
work with donna
no donna and i know each other because
we used to live in italy
dan i would like to introduce you to
adam hi adam
this is dan hello dan nice to meet you
donna's told me that you come from
poland that's right but i live in london
now
where are you from i'm from italy
oh william this is adam hi
adam and adam this is william hi william
nice to meet you adam are you
donna's brother yes
that boy and girl over there are they
your children
yes they are and the woman sitting next
to them
is my wife
william let me introduce you to dan
how do you do dan and this is william
hello
how do you do dana's from rome
he's an italian are you an italian too
no
i'm an american my wife is an american
also
but her mother is not an american
is she an italian yes she is
hi bill this is adam hi adam it's nice
to meet you
and adam this is bill hi bill it's nice
to meet you too
bill lives in canada but he used to live
in germany
are you a canadian no i am not i am a
german
are your wife and her family german too
no
they are not they are canadian are you a
canadian
no i am not canadian i am polish
is your family canadian no they are not
canadian
they are polish
i would like to introduce you to amanda
it's a pleasure to meet you amanda
this is william hello william it's nice
to meet you too
donna has told me that you are russian
that's right
my mother is but my father is not
russian he is an
englishman william where are you and
your wife from
i am an american my wife is not an
american however
she is austrian
eric come here for a minute
i would like it to meet my friends this
is william and amanda
hi eric nice to meet you hi eric i'm
amanda
it's nice to meet you all too i have not
seen you in a long time eric
where have you been i went to
switzerland
are you from there no i am not swiss
actually i met my wife there but she
isn't swiss
she's a hungarian
hi eric how are you doing oh hi william
i'm doing just fine
how about you not bad eric have you ever
met adam
no i have not hi adam hi eric
adam has just come back from a vacation
in asia really
what countries did you visit i went to
japan
korea taiwan and china
someone told me your wife is from korea
no she's not korean
she's japanese
i'm new here so i don't really know many
people could you tell me who scott is
scott is the tall man over there he has
brown hair
is he the skinny one no that's bill
scott has a mustache
oh right and who is leslie
she is the woman with the long brown
hair she is short and thin
i see
so this is a picture of your old school
friends right
yes it is which one are you
i am the skinny one the short one on the
left
which one is natalie oh she's the fat
girl
the tall girl in the middle is the one
on the right michelle
no michelle is very short this girl is
average billed
she is beverly
did you see the group picture from work
no let me take a look
oh dear we are tired in this picture
but you are attractive in this picture
no i'm not look at nancy and sheila
they're both pretty
look at these pictures which one do you
like
nancy is pretty i like her long blonde
hair
nancy is attractive but i like monica
more
i like her wavy short hair but moniker
is not pretty
marcy has curly brown hair do you like
it
no not really look at russia and doris
they are not very pretty either we need
someone who has straight hair
i have straight hair but
we cannot use my picture i'm not
very pretty
do you remember which of these men is mr
smith
it isn't one mr smith doesn't have
glasses
is it number two then he doesn't have
no it isn't number two mr smith's
nose isn't big
is it number five his nose isn't big
is it three or five
no number three's hair is long
mr smith's hair isn't long
it's short
number four's hair is short
no mr smith's eyes are blue
but number four's eyes aren't blue
they're green
now i have some more pictures of mr
smith i will describe them to you
and you tell me which one of these men
it is
is mr smith bald no
he isn't does mr
smith have a mustache or beard
no
is mr smith's hair gray
no it isn't
is his hair curly yes
his hair is curly and blonde
he young yes he is
are his eyes blue yes
they are good
i think mr smith is picture number three
can you come to my office and take a
look at the picture
do you know anyone at this party no
i think everyone is new to me
who is that man over there is he the
tall man
no the one on the left
is he the big man no
he is medium built his hair is brown
oh that's dave patel he is young
that's a nice picture where was it taken
it's from work the woman with brown hair
is karen the old woman is kathy
who is mr reynolds he is the man
next to kathy his hair is black
and he has a mustache
which one is tom tom has glasses
he has a mustache and brown hair
who is the other man that is mr
ross he is old and he is bald
how do you like my painting nice
but who is supposed to be me am i that
woman
no you are tall but she isn't tall
she's short okay am i supposed to be
that woman
no her hair is black but your hair isn't
black
your hair is brown
how was your family reunion why
we all had a good time did all of your
cousins
show up no cousin bobby couldn't make it
he had to fly off to france for work but
all my other cousins came great did you
see your cousin alice
yeah she got married
what's your new husband like he's very
nice
but quiet they also have two kids
oh guess what my grandparents came too
really i thought they weren't coming
grandpa bob
and grandma mary my mother folks my
grandpa dave
and grandma debbie or kim
who's that actually that's me
[Laughter]
who's that that's my father
and that's my mother
is this your uncle
no that's my grandfather
and those are my brothers and sister
these are my in-laws wow
they really look young i know they are
about
50 but they only look about 35 or 40.
who are they those are their friends
they are from new york who's that
that is our next door neighbor billy
he's cute
what are you looking at a picture from
my family reunion
i just got it let me take a look
there you are
who's that it's my daughter
who's this it's my son
and that
she's my aunt who's this
that's my grandmother
did i show you my wife's family picture
yet
no i'd like to see it
oh there's your wife but who's that
that is her father and that's her mother
is that her sister
yes
this is her sister's boyfriend tony
he's quite tall
and that's tony's brother
so are these pictures from your vacation
yep
where was this taken at lake tahoe my
cousins came with us
so those are your cousins they don't
look like you
that's my uncle they're his kids
is that your aunt no so
that must be your uncle's girlfriend who
are they
they're my parents how many kids do your
parents have
five all together three boys and two
girls
hurry up or we'll be late okay
okay i'm hurrying up who is coming to
our graduation
our parents will be there
of course our parents are coming what
about
our uncle bill i'm not sure
[Music]
what about our grandparents are they
going to come
of course our grandparents are coming
who else is coming i think our cousin
helen will probably show up
oh no not her again
now don't be that way today is a day of
celebration
can i see the pictures of your sister's
wedding
sure
so that's your sister what's her name
belinda
and that's her husband alan
who are they alan's family
that's his father that's his uncle
that's his aunt and his mother
where were you i just got my family
pictures developed
do you want to see them okay
that's my new baby brother
who is that she's my sister
who's that he's my brother
who's that he's my father
who's that she's my mother
where was this picture taken at a family
reunion in 1993.
those are my cousins aunt uncle
and grandparents that must be your
grandpa
it sure is do you know who this is
is it your grandma no
it's my aunt who do you think this is
it's your uncle right
who are they they are my cousins where's
your grandma
you can't see her here because she's not
facing the camera
she's she's
my teacher she's
sh she's my teacher
this is she's my teacher she's my
teacher
or i can say that i'm a teacher i'm a
number two have you you can link them
together
have you had breakfast
remember this is a break
that when break and fast together
we pronounce as
brec okay
why i don't know okay break and this
is a break breakfast breakfast
breakfast have you had breakfast have
you had breakfast
number three let's take a
break
let's take a break let's take a break
that means
let's take a rest okay so we stopped
working
let's take a break have a tea have a
coffee
okay chat with each other for a little
bit and then we can come back
to study or come back to work okay
break let's take a break
let's take a break let's take a break
quite strange huh this is break and this
is
breakfast number four would
you you can link them together would you
would you like to eat cereal would you
like to eat cereal
would you like to eat cereal that means
do you want to eat cereal
her sister remembers sis
her sister really
likes beef steak
beef steak beef steak and
beans okay this is e a long e
beans and this is egg okay beef steak
you can lick them together beef steak
beef steak convinced her sister really
likes beef steak convinced
one more time she's my teacher
have you had breakfast let's take a
break
would you like to eat cereal her sister
really likes beef steak and beans
now number one and
from number one to number three the
shirts
are too small for my
daughter to wear
i am too young to
drive a car
this cup of tea is too
hot for me to drink you can easily
find out the grammar structure right
the shirts or eye of this cup is
the subject r
m or is
that is b to b
to and that is two
small young or hot
adjective for
my daughter here no for somebody
for me so you can act for
somebody if you like and then
two to where to try
to drive a car to drink so after that is
two infinitive
infinitive that means the base form of
the verb
or we don't add s e s e d
or in here just keep the base form of
the verb so
two and then the infinitive
now from number four to number six
we would find out another grammar
structure
the book seemed too
boring for us to read
i think your son looks too
short to play basketball
the noodles taste
too spicy for her to eat
the book i think i think it's not
important
the subject here is your sun
and then the noodles so the subject
first
and then seemed looks
taste as you can see
they are not to be they are verbs
but they are not normal verbs
normal verbs used to describe
action you know study run joke
listen but
this one seems looked
taste they are linking verbs
linking verbs do not describe actions
they describe state or feeling
usually relates to five senses
you know eyes ears
nose eyes or your hands so we have the
linking verbs
look hear smell
taste and feel number seven
to number nine
the teacher spoke too
fast for the students to understand
she studied too lazily
to pass the sorry
the final exam my brother
runs too slowly to catch
me up the teacher
she my brother the subject
after that spoke you know past simple of
speak
study run
so i like to be
other linking verbs they are
normal verbs so verb subject
verb they you know spoke
study and runs they describe actions
so they are normal verbs and then
two two two two and then
now after two fast
lazily slowly
are they adjectives no they are adverbs
so remember after verb adverbs
now and then for the students here
no for somebody no okay so
you can act for somebody if you like and
then
to understand to pass
or to catch so after that is
two infinitive 2.